(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
I'm Peppa Pig. (SNORTS)
-This is my little
brother, George.
-(SNORTS)
-This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
-(SNORTS)
-(ALL LAUGHING)
Peppa Pig! (SNORTS)
(PEPPA READING)
NARRATOR: Suzy Sheep has
come to play at Peppa's house.
-(SNORTS) Hello, Suzy!
-Hello, Peppa! (BLEATS)
I've got something
to show you.
-Look!
-What is it?
It's a photograph.
Who do you think it is?
- (GASPS) It's a baby sheep!
It's me! (BLEATS)
You're not a baby. (SNORTS)
It's an old photo,
when I was a baby.
Don't be silly, Suzy.
In the olden days,
you were a baby, too, Peppa.
- No, I wasn't!
- Yes, you were.
Ask your mummy.
NARRATOR: Mummy Pig is
working on the computer.
-(SNORTS) Mummy.
-Hello, Peppa.
-Suzy is talking nonsense!
-No, I'm not.
She said, in the olden days,
I was a baby. (SNORTS)
Well, you were, Peppa.
Look, here are some photos
on the computer.
-Who do you think that is?
-It's baby Alexander.
NARRATOR: Baby Alexander
is Peppa's cousin.
No. That's you
as a baby, Peppa.
-Baby Peppa!
-(BOTH LAUGH)
Somebody sounds like
they're having fun!
Look, Daddy. That's a picture
of me as a baby.
I remember it well.
It was taken on our first day
in this house.
What do you mean?
When you were little,
we moved into this house.
We brought all our things
on top of our car.
Mummy Pig put
some pictures up.
MUMMY PIG: Daddy Pig
put up a shelf.
(SHATTERING)
And Grandpa Pig made us
a lovely flower garden.
Where's Grandpa's
lovely flower garden now?
Daddy Pig looked after it.
Uh, we had the wrong
kind of soil for flowers.
-Both: Oh.
-And... Anyway, you needed
somewhere to play.
You and Suzy loved to play
in the garden.
(SNORTS) Was Suzy my friend
in the olden days?
- Yes. You and Suzy
have always been best friends.
(SPUTTERING)
(BOTH GIGGLING)
-(SNORTS)
-(BLEATS)
In the olden days,
did Suzy and me jump
up and down in muddy puddles?
No, Peppa. You were babies.
You couldn't even walk.
-Oh.
-What did we do?
-(BOTH BAWLING)
-You cried.
(BOTH BURPING)
-You burped.
-(BOTH GIGGLING)
And you laughed.
(BLEATS) We were babies.
-Baby Suzy!
-Baby Peppa!
(BOTH LAUGHING)
Goo-goo-gaga!
MUMMY PIG: Soon after that,
you were toddlers.
-(SNORTS)
-(BLEATS)
PEPPA: And where was George?
MUMMY PIG: He was a baby,
in my tummy.
-(SNORTS)
-Yes, you were
in my tummy, George.
You've got a big tummy, Daddy.
Is there a baby in there?
(LAUGHS) No, Peppa!
This tummy is pure muscle.
(ALL LAUGHING)
MUMMY PIG: And so
George was born.
Goo-goo-gaga!
And Granny and Grandpa
gave George
a very special present.
Can you guess what it was?
PEPPA: Mr. Dinosaur!
MUMMY PIG: That's right.
(GIGGLING) Grr!
DADDY PIG: And you and Suzy
were running
and jumping around.
(BOTH GIGGLING)
MUMMY PIG: Then, one day
you saw something amazing.
Muggy puggle! (GIGGLES)
Peppa, if you jump
in muddy puddles,
you must wear your boots.
(GIGGLES AND SNORTS)
You loved jumping up and down
in muddy puddles.
I still do!
(BOTH GIGGLING)
Let's take a photo now.
(CAMERA CLICKS)
NARRATOR: Peppa loves
jumping up and down
in muddy puddles.
(ALL LAUGHING)
Peppa has always loved
jumping up and down
in muddy puddles.
(ALL LAUGHING)
(PEPPA READING)
NARRATOR: It is a lovely,
snowy day.
-(HORN HONKING)
-Hello, everyone.
ALL: Hello, Peppa. (GIGGLING)
NARRATOR: Peppa and her
friends have come to
the mountains to go skiing.
- See you all at the top.
ALL: Come on, car.
You can make it.
Oh.
NARRATOR: The car cannot
drive up the mountain.
The snow is too slippery.
You have to take the ski lift.
(LAUGHTER)
NARRATOR: The ski lift
is carrying everyone to
the top of Snowy Mountain.
Uh, it looks a bit high.
Whoa!
NARRATOR: Daddy Pig
does not like heights.
(LAUGHTER)
This is really fun!
Oh, yes. Really fun.
(LAUGHS)
♪ In the air, in a chair ♪
♪ Snow is falling everywhere ♪
♪ Flying high in a chair ♪
♪ Flying high
and high and high ♪
(BOTH GIGGLE)
NARRATOR: The ski lift
has reached the top
of Snowy Mountain.
(GROANS)
(GIGGLES) Daddy is a walking,
talking snowman!
-Brrrr!
-(ALL LAUGHING)
Skis! Skis!
Get your skis here!
Hello, Miss Rabbit.
Skis for two grown-ups
and two children, please.
There you go.
-(LAUGHING)
-NARRATOR: Madame Gazelle
is the ski teacher.
Madame Gazelle,
will we ski all the way
down the mountain?
(LAUGHS) Not today, Danny.
I think, for now,
we will stick to
the baby slope.
NARRATOR: The children
are learning to ski
on a little slope.
To start, push off slowly
with your sticks.
CHILDREN: Wheee!
To stop,
point your skis together.
(LAUGHING)
Skiing is fun!
Let's go back up
and do it again.
Whoa!
NARRATOR: Walking up slopes
on skis is not easy.
Uh-oh. To go up the slope,
you have to walk sideways,
like a crab.
(LAUGHING)
NARRATOR: Everyone is walking
sideways, like a crab.
Madame Gazelle,
can we see you ski now?
-Oh, I don't know.
-Please!
Very well.
Hoop-la!
That was amazing!
Yes. I was the world champion
at skiing and won this cup.
ALL: Ooh!
Now, which mummy or daddy
would like a go?
-Why not?
-Are you sure, Mummy Pig?
You haven't skied for years.
It's just like riding a bike,
Daddy Pig.
You never forget.
Here is the baby slope,
Mummy Pig.
(SNORTS) I think I'm a bit
grown-up for the baby slope.
Which way does this go?
(SHRIEKS)
All the way down the mountain!
My mummy is skiing
down the mountain.
Aaah, where are the brakes?
Oh, she can't stop!
We have to catch up with her.
- (SHRIEKS) Stand back!
NARRATOR: Mummy Pig is skiing
along the road.
(SHRIEKS)
Everyone is in the coach,
chasing after Mummy Pig.
Wow! My mummy
is skiing super-fast!
Whoa!
Mummy did a loop-the-loop.
That was fantastic skiing.
NARRATOR: Mummy Pig is
skiing past the shops.
(SHRIEKS)
(SHRIEKS) How am I
going to stop?
(GROANS)
(MUFFLED GROANS)
My goodness!
A walking, talking snowman.
-No. It's just my mummy.
-Brrrrr!
I have never seen
such amazing skiing.
This cup belongs to you.
Thank you.
(ALL CLAPPING)
My mummy is the best
at skiing down the mountain.
(LAUGHTER)
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
♪ Peppa Pig ♪
(SNORTING AND GIGGLING)
(SNORTING AND LAUGHING)